ha ha ha man what a great film I'm Emily
and I'm Jay yes we're here to talk about
the zombie land today on Eclipse 31 days
of 4 reviews and this is in fact a
contour film we would consider it so
yeah before you go running in the
comments this isn't for me zombies are
monsters absolutely in fact I think it's
one of the best zombie comedies ever
made
not that there's been a whole lot yeah
but after Shaun of the Dead I really
wondered if anyone could come close to
making a great movie like this and they
did yeah I mean something's are kind of
overdone all right so the fact of this
one I think it's still known as being a
really awesome film despite the fact
that the cantata zombies is really cool
so we want to talk about what does
movies about absolutely well zombie land
is set after a zombie infestation has
already broken out actually yeah we join
our lead character who's Jesse Eisenberg
and and he's sort of like telling us
what it's like to be in a zombie
infested United States of America yeah
which is pretty great and he calls this
place a meal and now instead of the USA
what it used to be known as mm-hmm but
what I love at the beginning of zombie
land is how he lays out this world by
explaining the rules right his own rule
book has it worked for surviving in this
wasteland and this amazing opening
credits sequence where it's just
slow-motion carnage yeah kind of sets up
the whole film right because the
kind of bloody stuff in it yeah so then
you need some friends along the way
right what do you hear Wilson first of
all so well he's myself I don't know how
you could do that yeah I don't know I
think it'd be really hard so I would die
we'll see what we'll see what we end up
doing when that actually happens cuz
yeah I've debated I don't know if I want
to be with people I know or not because
you have those emotional strings yeah
need to cut I don't know but he ends up
meeting at two others who are also
heading west as it were and it becomes a
road trip of a movie
well three others because what are your
Elsa yeah the two girls who like don't
trust anyone yeah and it's really hard
for them to trust them and then you know
all that and we get some flashbacks to
each of their lives before the
infestation which isn't it's a nice
touch because yeah like let's see what
they were like before this happened and
now what they're like that yeah so we
were trying out some our favorite parts
were are we really like the grocery
store scene yeah it's pretty hilarious
the wedding Harrelson comes to playing
with banjo which really he actually
learned how to play it really fast right
before that so that you could play it
and in the scene for real and he calls
it a zombies and they're all like huge
zombies in this grocery store and
Harrelson he has he has some strict
demands for this movie actually yeah and
one of them is that he wanted each of
the places to like really have character
like depending on where they were on
that road trip he wanted those places to
be distinct yeah I think that's great
that is great yeah and they used it to
great effect there's another scene where
they go into like this Native American
store and they just trash the place yeah
and I don't know what that's trying to
say what statement that's making it's
interesting we're talking at the
Twinkies which Twinkies play a big role
in it because the widow girl says
character they remind him of the world
that used to be so it's kind of like
what he seeks the whole time yeah yeah
like his
personal metaphor for for how life was
before like if he gets a Twinkie it'll
be all right it'll be the world before
yeah and we're told my how if he's a
vegan in real life and so he wouldn't
you Twinkies and he apparently doesn't
need sugar so they had to make special
Twinkies for the film and then you were
saying if the director yeah one of his
demands actually before he was even in
the film was that the director had to
with what's thanked from Dairy Products
for like ten days or something yeah and
the director Ruben Fleischer said it was
like an alcoholic going without drinking
for that period of time yeah it's an
interesting really vegan yeah let's talk
and again if you haven't seen zombie lad
you might want to stop and go watch it
before you hear any more because we're
gonna talk about one of the best cameos
I think in recent film and this is of
course when they stumble into Bill
Murray right it is one of the best
things ever he's playing himself and
apparently a lot of it was improvised I
was reading originally they wanted
Patrick Swayze to be in there
interesting yeah Matthew McConaughey was
also on the list like they went through
a list of actors but Bill Murray's just
like an American comic guy like he
belongs on the mantle piece of cinema
right well you know I can really see
this happening because he's known for a
crash in LA parties and such yeah
in fact they go to his house he's
totally cool with it is like messes
along with him and it is just classic it
seems so perfect and his demise is just
incredibly well done like he's able to
you know sort of punch Garfield this
movie that he did right Bryan kicks the
bucket yeah what movie do you most
regret yeah it's not gonna be says like
any regrets in' oh can you regret the
lie and he's like yeah anyways so we
love this film and we want to know what
your favorite parts are so let us know
it's about you to like this film tell us
I'm sure you do it's very assuming that
you know very funny and very bloody
right so I mean what's not to love if
you don't like it it tells me you don't
like please will chat with you so this
is Emily and I'm jus some mini clips and
thanks for watching